hey guys so I've been away for a while
and I really owe you guys an explanation
so let's get to that right now no
wouldn't wish to go so it's been a
really really long time since i posted a
video i think like two months maybe more
than that I have no idea and I think in
one of those last videos I said how i
was going to explain very soon what was
going on that I was working on which was
why videos were so scarce as it was back
then and I never did it so I apologize
for that and if you can tell by the
background I am not living where i
usually am if you saw my setup video
which i think was at my 10,000
subscriber like thank you video you got
to see kind of where i live in my house
and stuff and if you can tell why this
background it's definitely not that and
that is because I moved from North
Carolina to Nashville Tennessee
Nashville's where I'm living right now
and that is because I am playing with
some good friends of mine in a band they
called me and they're like hey can you
fill in for us and I said yes because
they're good friends of mine and I've
been living in Nashville for the past
month so that is one that is the main
reason I guess why video is it pretty
much just been non-existent lately
because I've been focusing on that with
everything I have it's that's my main
job that's what I do like that's what I
love to do for a living so that's kind
of had to take a priority of everything
else like I got an Apple watch it's got
Mickey on it I don't know if it'll flip
over let's see what oh come back there
is there's Mickey right over there sorry
distracted but anyway that's what i've
been doing i'll actually put in a couple
clips right here so you can kind of see
what's been going on and that i'm not
lying that I actually do play music so Q
those videos drop that fucking babe
now
we saw shit
Oh
there guys I would make this video to
again explain what's going on I kept
seeing comments no I'm not dead no I'm
not so let's put that I wanted to put
that out there first I'm not dead that
was a something like when going around a
lot number two is this channel dead
absolutely not absolutely not this
channel is not dead by any means am I
going to keep making videos yes are they
gonna be coming as much as before I
can't promise that um Disney infinity
3.0 is coming out in a little over a
month almost about a month for now so
yes I will be covering it if i can get
my ps4 here i will be playing and
covering as much as I can't because
right now I don't have any of my game
consoles here all I have is my phone
which is actually running this game
called summoners war which i'm addicted
to thanks to some of my friends if you
haven't played this game it's pretty fun
so I've been playing that on my phone
and then just games on my computer like
AG re oh that's a really popular game
that's been blown up right now just
random stuff like that I've been playing
so I don't have an actual game console
to do any videos but now I actually have
my computer and Ivan at internet for a
while so I finally have that which is
why I'm able to make this video so no my
channel is not dead I will continue to
make videos they just will not be as of
right now coming as frequently as they
were before but I am going to get back
to it very soon I kind just got out of
the swing of things but I really want to
get back into it especially we have a
show coming up if you're watching this
the day or the day comes out or the
couple days after I have a show this
coming Saturday and then I have a little
bit of time off I have like two or three
weeks off so i will have time to make a
lot of videos then which i plan on doing
I plan on really getting back into it
after that so that is something that's
going to happen very soon so no I'm not
dead my channels not dead I will
continue to make videos and for you that
stuck around through the like this big
awkward pause of no content I really
really appreciate it guys so yeah that's
the explanation I know it's prob about
the greatest one bussmann to let you
know let you all know what was going on
so thank you all so much for watching
this video arm stay tuned because it
will be more content coming if you want
to see more of the drumming stuff I did
from the show that you just watched it
earlier in this video I will include a
link to the guys channel in the
description down below so you can check
that out if you want to and thank you
all so much for watching and as always
I'll see you all in the next video later
you